Teacher Chen found it
Tianji Hospital is owned by Hengsheng Group.
It seems that Xingshou blew up the boss for revenge.
If everyone takes revenge like this, too many people will die in the hospital.
Are you all going to take revenge on the group boss?
Just find someone to hurt you if you catch a few colds
Who would believe it if it was an accident?
I also found the photo of Wu Tiantian’s head teacher
There happened to be a photo of him on the official website, so we gave Shun Shun a call.
we have to meet
Why did you two come to me again?
I need a favor from you so we can work together again.
I think we can't get out of this cycle.
Have you ever been like this?
You don't want your encouragement
Even if you get it
I don’t know when the cycle will start again
What's the use?
The murderer wants to attack Boss Ma
As long as we successfully organize the explosion
Can't you just get your agitation back?
It’s useless for you to support Boss Ma
You have to find out who the murderer is.
Why don't you have fun with your brain?
Just find Boss Ma
Know who his enemy is
Don’t you know who the murderer is?
Who is the boss and every enemy?
He has many enemies
I think this matter
It has something to do with a man named Wutietiena
As long as we find the bus
Who has anything to do with Wutie Nei?
Whoever it is must be Chesthand
Don't say so much
Just say it
What do you need from me?
Let go of someone